Like that a wonderful song from England
He'll come back, I believe.
I'll be your man, ever,
And I'll love you, I know you'll be.
I'll be here, to the temple,
And I'll die, I know you'll be.
Brightly coming, in the midst of my humanity,
I'll forever round your shelter,
For your thunder and your blast.
Round your body, shining brightly,
Reaching forth in freedom's path.
He'll be staring, in the dark land,
Where the holy riot rides.
Round your body, shining brightly,
For your force is reaching wide.
And I'll love you, I know you'll be.
I'll see you, for your riot,
When I'm with you, I'll be with you.
With the ending and the heartbreak,
He'll never be like his father.
He'll be leaving, out of the woods,
On the water from the pond.
He'll arrive at the cold land,
Where the morning will be.
I'll be your man, in the cold land,
For your holy land, in the land.